Feature/session time (#6)
Tarrke/factorio-clock: README.md

* first version of the mod
* add a simple clock on the upper button flow of the screen

## Roadmap

### Version 16.0.2

* add chronometer button

> * The Chronometer can be disabled with an option

Author: ```suggestion
* The Chronometer can be shown/hidden with a hot key
```

### Future and Ideas

* add a timer button

> * When timer is below 5 minutes color in orange

Author: ```suggestion
* When timer is below X% total time color in orange
```

> * When timer is below 1 minute color in red

Author: ```suggestion
* When timer is below Y% total time color in red
```

* The timer can be disabled with an option

> * Middle click on the main button enables/disables timer/chronometer

Author: ```suggestion
```
